For this CTF I started by exploring the program with simple commands like 'file' and 'strings' to see if i could gather any quick information on the program. I quickly noticed there were some strings that were printed at the start of the program in the strings command I ran. slightly below those strings were more strings that looked like some sort of help menu. I then just started to test out inputting some of those strings that I found most specifically 'help'. Help displayed a list of commands that I could run in the program the most interesting one being 'access' with a description of 'Access the main security grid'.

After knowing what I needed to look for in the program I put it through ghidra and started tracing the code to see what I could find about it. After analyzing the code I found the section of it where it dealt with input of commands. There was one if statement that needed to be true to continue to the next part of the code and it dealt a simple comparison. When you go to the memory location it is checking your input against it is comparing it with the string 'fl4g' which is not one of the listed options from the 'access help' page. 

This is the second part of the of the challenge where its prints an eight character string of random letters. After tracing part of the function i noticed that there is a large number of bytes being xor'd with the value '0xaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa'. Something I noted about those memory locations were that the start of those bytes were called like a function somewhere later in the code so I assumed that this was some obfuscation that reveals a function I could disassemble. After manually xoring the bytes and disassembling it I noticed it was some sort of cipher. It inputs the same eight characters it prints to us and then translates them using this cipher and the output is what is check with the input from the user. I decided to write my own python script that would to the same modification as the functions that were disassembled. This worked and after I ran my script it modified the string the same way the program does and after comparing them I got the flag.
